feat/nfd-master: configure CR restrictions (#1592)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/reference/master-configuration-reference.md

Default: *empty*

Run-time configurable: yes

## restrictions

> The following options specify the restrictions that can be applied by the

Reviewer: One last comment. Should we call this **EXPERIMENTAL** in this release(?) There have been so many subtle details during the review process that we've certainly missed something :blush: WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Yes, please. I will create another issue to cover those unseen details. If you have some bullet points in mind you can leave them here.

Default: *empty*

Run-time configurable: yes

## restrictions

The following options specify the restrictions that can be applied by the
nfd-master on the deployed Custom Resources in the cluster.

### restrictions.nodeFeatureNamespaceSelector

The `nodeFeatureNamespaceSelector` option specifies the NodeFeatures namespaces
to watch, which can be selected by using `metav1.LabelSelector` as a type for

> this option.
> 
> Default: all namespaces are selected to be watched.

Reviewer: nit: better follow the style of other sections in this doc

```suggestion
this option. An empty value selects all namespaces to be watched.

Default: Default: *empty*
```

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  nodeFeatureNamespaceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      kubernetes.io/metadata.name: "node-feature-discovery"
    matchExpressions:
      - key: "kubernetes.io/metadata.name"
        operator: "In"
        values:
          - "node-feature-discovery"
```

### restrictions.disableLabels

> The `disableLabels` option specifies whether to generate labels
> from NodeFeature CR or not.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The `disableLabels` option controls whether to allow creation of node labels
from NodeFeature and NodeFeatureRule CRs or not.
```

Default: false

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  disableLabels: true
```

### restrictions.disableTaints

The `disableLabels` option specifies whether to generate taints
from NodeFeature CR or not.

Default: false

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  disableTaints: true
```

### restrictions.disableExtendedResources

> The `disableExtendedResources` option specifies whether to generate taints
> from NodeFeature CR or not.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The `disableExtendedResources` option controls whether to allow creation of node extended resources
from NodeFeatureRule CR or not.
```

Default: false

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  maxExtendedResourcesPerCR: true
```

### restrictions.disableAnnotations

> The `disableAnnotations` option specifies whether to generate annotations
> from NodeFeature CR or not.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The `disableAnnotations` option controls whether to allow creation of node annotations
from NodeFeatureRule CR or not.
```

Default: false

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  disableAnnotations: true
```

### restrictions.allowOverwrite

> The `allowOverwrite` option specifies whether to overwrite existing
> labels, annotations, and extended resources if there's an overlap, or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `allowOverwrite` option controls whether NFD is allowed to overwrite and take over management of existing
node labels, annotations, and extended resources. Labels, annotations and extended resources created by NFD itself are not affected (overwrite cannot be disabled). NFD tracks the labels, annotations and extended resources that it manages with specific [node annotations](../get-started/introduction.md#node-annotations).
```

Default: true

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  overwriteLabels: false
```

### restrictions.denyNodeFeatureLabels

> The `denyNodeFeatureLabels` option specifies whether to deny labels from NodeFeature
> objects or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `denyNodeFeatureLabels` option specifies whether to deny labels from 3rd party NodeFeature
objects or not. NodeFeature objects created by nfd-worker are not affected.
```

Default: *empty*

Run-time configurable: yes

## restrictions

The following options specify the restrictions that can be applied by the
nfd-master on the deployed Custom Resources in the cluster.

### restrictions.nodeFeatureNamespaceSelector

The `nodeFeatureNamespaceSelector` option specifies the NodeFeatures namespaces
to watch, which can be selected by using `metav1.LabelSelector` as a type for
this option. An empty value selects all namespaces to be watched.

Default: *empty*

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  nodeFeatureNamespaceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      kubernetes.io/metadata.name: "node-feature-discovery"
    matchExpressions:
      - key: "kubernetes.io/metadata.name"
        operator: "In"
        values:
          - "node-feature-discovery"
```

### restrictions.disableLabels

The `disableLabels` option controls whether to allow creation of node labels
from NodeFeature and NodeFeatureRule CRs or not.

Default: false

Example:

```yaml
restrictions:
  disableLabels: true
```

> ### restrictions.disableTaints

Reviewer: disableTaints is gone, right?

```suggestion
```
